Specify that funds locked in FB won't be included in offer (#42)
joinmarket-webui/jamdocs: docs/glossary.md

!!! warning
    It is impossible to move or spend funds that are locked in a fidelity bond

>     before the bond expires. They **cannot be used in collaborative transactions 
>     (either as [taker][taker] or [maker][maker])**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    before the bond expires. They **cannot be used in collaborative transactions 
    (neither as [taker][taker] nor as [maker][maker])**
```
